CLI pages for review (#465)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/nr1-cli/nr1-nerdpack.mdx

---
path: '/explore-docs/nr1-nerdpack'
title: 'New Relic One CLI Nerdpack commands'
template: 'GuideTemplate'
description: 'An overview of the CLI commands you can use to set up your New Relic One Nerdpacks.'
tileShorthand:
  title: 'Nerdpack CLI commands'
  description: 'Set up your Nerdpacks with the New Relic One CLI.'
redirects:
---
<Intro>

> To set up your Nerdpacks, use the commands below. You can click any command to see its usage and options, among other details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up your Nerdpacks, use the commands below. You can click any command to see it's usage options and additional details about the command.
```

</Intro>

<br/>

| Command | Description |
|---|---|
| [`nr1 nerdpack:clone`](#clone) | Clones a Nerdpack from a git repository. |
| [`nr1 nerdpack:serve`](#serve) | Serves your Nerdpack for testing and development purposes. |
| [`nr1 nerdpack:uuid`](#uuid) | Shows or regenerates the UUID of a Nerdpack.  |
| [`nr1 nerdpack:publish`](#publish) | Publishes your Nerdpack to New Relic. |
| [`nr1 nerdpack:deploy`](#deploy) | Deploys a specific Nerdpack version to a specific channel. |

# Command details

***

## `nr1 nerdpack:clone` 
### Clone an existing Nerdpack

> Duplicates an existing Nerdpack onto your local computer. You can clone an open source Nerdpack from [our GitHub repository](https://opensource.newrelic.com/explore-projects/). After choosing a git repository, this command performs the following actions so that you can start using the Nerdpack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Duplicates an existing Nerdpack onto your local computer. You can clone an open source Nerdpack from [our Open Source GitHub repositories](https://opensource.newrelic.com/explore-projects/). After choosing a git repository, this command performs the following actions so that you can start using the Nerdpack:
```

1. Clones the repository.
2. Sets the repository as remote upstream.
3. Installs all of its dependencies (using npm).
4. Generates a new UUID using your profile, and commits it.

### Usage
`$ nr1 nerdpack:clone OPTION` 

### Options
| | |
|---|---|
|  `-r, --repo=REPO`  | Repository location (either an HTTPS or SSH path). **(Required)** |
|  `-p, --path=PATH`  | Determines the directory to clone to (defaults to the repository name). |

> |  `-f, --force`      |   Replaces destination folder if it exists. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  `-f, --force`      |  Replaces destination folder if it exists. |
```

|  `--profile=PROFILE`| The authentication profile you want to use. |
|  `--verbose`        | Adds extra information to the output. |

<br/>

*** 

## `nr1 nerdpack:serve`
### Serve your Nerdpack locally

> Launches a server with your Nerdpack locally on your [New Relic One platform](https://one.newrelic.com/?nerdpacks=local), where it can be tested live. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launches a server with your Nerdpack locally on the [New Relic One platform](https://one.newrelic.com/?nerdpacks=local), where it can be tested live. 
```

> For more on working with apps locally, see our guide on how to [serve, publish, and deploy documentation](/build-apps/publish-deploy/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about working with apps locally, see our guide on how to [serve, publish, and deploy documentation](/build-apps/publish-deploy/).
```

### Usage
`$ nr1 nerdpack:serve` 

### Options
| | |
|---|---|
|  `--profile=PROFILE`| The authentication profile you want to use. |
|  `--verbose`        | Adds extra information to the output. |

<br/>

*** 

## `nr1 nerdpack:uuid`
### Show or generate your Nerdpack's UUID
Prints the UUID (Universal Unique ID) of your Nerdpack, by default. The UUID determines what data the Nerdpack can access and who can subscribe to the Nerdpack. To deploy a Nerdpack you didn't make, you'll have to assign it a new UUID by using the `-g` or `--generate` option.

For more details, see the [Access to data page](https://developer.newrelic.com/build-tools/new-relic-one-applications/guide-to-authentication--data-access--and-permissions#Appaccesstodata) or [our workshop](https://github.com/newrelic/nr1-workshop/blob/master/lab-cli/INSTRUCTIONS.md) on GitHub.

### Usage
`$ nr1 nerdpack:uuid` 

### Options
| | |
|---|---|
|  `--profile=PROFILE`| The authentication profile you want to use. |

> |  `-f, --force`       | If present, it will override the existing UUID without asking. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  `-f, --force`      | If present, it will override the existing UUID without asking. |
```

> |  `-g, --generate`     | Generates a new UUID if not available. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  `-g, --generate`   | Generates a new UUID if not available. |
```

|  `--verbose`        | Adds extra information to the output. |

<br/>

***

## `nr1 nerdpack:publish`
### Publish your Nerdpack
Publishes your Nerdpack to New Relic. After publishing, you can use `nr1 nerdpack:deploy` to deploy it to a channel and make it available to users. 

Please note:

> * If no additional parameters are passed in, this command will automatically deploy the Nerdpack onto the DEV channel. 

Reviewer: I don't think this is true. I actually ran a test and I get.  -- Please confirm this.

C02Y40KMJHD4:jvs-stage-app jvajda$ nr1 nerdpack:deploy
✖  Error: Missing required flag:
-c, --channel CHANNEL  choose the channel you want to deploy the version
See more help with --help
C02Y40KMJHD4:jvs-stage-app jvajda$ nr1 nerdpack:deploy

Author: To clarify, this is referring to the `nr1 nerdpack:publish` command. Based on the description I got from `nr1 help nerdpack:publish`, if you publish your nerdpack, it will also deploy it by default. Otherwise, you can run the `nr1 nerdpack:publish --skip-deploy` option to skip this step. 

Though, I do agree it's confusing to say "After publishing, you can use `nr1 nerdpack:deploy` to deploy it to a channel and make it available to users" in this step. I'll remove it.

* If you want to disable this behavior, add `--skip-deploy` to the command. Then, you can use `nr1 nerdpack:deploy` to perform a deploy manually.

For more on publishing and deploying, see [Deploy to New Relic One](/build-tools/new-relic-one-applications/publish-deploy).

### Usage
`$ nr1 nerdpack:publish` 

### Options
| | |
|---|---|
| `-B, --skip-build`                          | Skips the previous build process. |
| `-D, --skip-deploy`                        | Skips the following deploy process. |
| `-c, --channel=DEV/BETA/STABLE`            | Specifies the channel to deploys to. [default: STABLE] |
|  `-f, --force`                              |  Forces the publish, overriding any existing version in the registry. |
|  `--dry-run`                                 | Undergoes publishing process without actually publishing anything. |
|  `--extra-metadata-path=extra-metadata-path` | Specifies a json file .path with extra metadata. [default: extra-metadata.json] |
|  `--prerelease=STRING`                   | The value you enter will be appended to the current version of generated files. |
|  `--profile=PROFILE`                      | The authentication profile you want to use. |

> |  `--verbose`        | Adds extra information to the output. |

Reviewer: I've seen a lot of spacing issues with the markdown tables piping -  but I think it doesn't matter and should render correctly, may want to double check that.

Author: Ran the Markdown files on local host and saw no issues, but I'll go ahead and fix the spacing for convention purposes. Markdown tables aren't great.
